.\"
.\" @(#)iiag	0.42 (Clarkson) 9/13/14
.\"
.\" iiag: iiag is a game
.\" Copydown (C) 2013-2014, Iiag Improvement Association Group
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" See the file LICENSE.TXT for full copyright and licensing information.
.\"
.TH IIAG 6 "Sep 13, 2014"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
iiag \- iiag is a game
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B iiag
[
.B OPTIONS ...
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I iiag
is a cult computer fantasy game and lifestyle. Born out of a joke in the COSI
labs, iiag is a game that, arguably does not have any coherent design plan or
lore.
.PP
You play as the heroic @ symbol on a quest to find quaz armor and slay
the mighty land fiish. Or something like that. Like other terminal games,
creatures and other objects are represented as symbols when played in the
terminal, and will eventually support other graphical environments as
well.

.PP
It is not currently possible to win the game.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
turn on lonely mode, where there are no monsters. (debugging)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR FILE
play the game using the specified configuration file
.TP
\fB\-e\fR
log errors to stderr as well as the log file
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
turn on wall forgetting
.TP
\fB\-g\fR
turn on god mode
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display the useful help text
.TP
\fB\-i\fR FILE
run with a specific lua init file
.TP
\fB\-l\fR FILE
specifies the file to log to
.TP
\fB\-L\fR LOG-LEVEL
specifies the log level to use
.TP
\fB\-n\fR ADDRESS
connect to server for multiplayer
.TP
\fB\-r\fR
turn on real time mode
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
show everything
.TP
\fB\-t\fR FILE
specify the tileset to use
.SH AUTHORS
Chris Harding, Austin Lund, Eric Richter, Alex Macri, Adam "Baha" Kimball, et. al.
.SH SEE ALSO
rogue, hack, nethack
.SH BUGS
.PP
There's probably a lot of them.
Please report them on the github, or on freenode#iiag
